Lookup: Add a Getting Started tutorial (#3289)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Lookup/00 Getting Started with Lookup/15 Configure Search.md

> The Lookup allows users to search through the drop-down list items. To configure the search, set the following properties:

Reviewer: "Lookup" by itself is not a noun. You should use "the Lookup component" or simply "Lookup" without any article.

Author: Noted

- [searchMode]()    

> This property uses one of the two search modes: "contains" or "startswith".  

Reviewer: You can use the following structure:

```
- [searchMode](): *"contains"* | *"startswith"*    
Mode descriptions
```

Author: Noted

> - [searchExpr]()    

Reviewer: Don't forget the links.

Author: Noted

You can specify the data source item field or several field values in an array to define the search criteria.

- [minSearchLength]()    

> Specify the minimal search length with this property.

Reviewer: Describe what the properties do. Basically, you can use their short descriptions.

Author: Noted

To disable the search, set the [searchEnabled]() property to **false**.

> 

Reviewer: A couple of sentences about what happens in the code below?

Author: Noted

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {

>         $("#{widgetName}").dx{WidgetName}({

Reviewer: widgetName and other placeholders are signs that an article is probably reused somewhere else, and a techwriter that will edit it in the future should keep that in mind. It is better to refrain from using placeholders if an article is not reused, as in this case.

Author: Noted

            // ...
            searchMode: "startswith",
            searchExpr: ['Assigned', 'Subject'],
            minSearchValue: 2
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-{widget-name} ...
        searchMode="startswith"
        [searchExpr]="['Assigned', 'Subject']"

>         minSearchValue="2">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        [minSearchValue]="2">
```

Author: Noted

    </dx-{widget-name}>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <Dx{WidgetName} ...
            search-mode="startswith"
            :searchExpr="['Assigned', 'Subject']"

>             min-search-value="2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            :min-search-value="2"
```

Author: Noted

        />
    </template>

    <script>
        // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    // ...
    const searchExpression = ['Assigned', 'Subject'];
    
    function App() {
        return (
            <{WidgetName} ...
                searchMode="startswith"
                searchExpr={searchExpression}

>                 minSearchValue="2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                minSearchValue={2}
```

Author: Noted

Lookup allows users to search through the drop-down list items. To configure the search, set the following properties:

- [searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#searchMode): *"contains"* | *"startswith"*     
Specifies a comparison operation used to search Lookup's items. 

- [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#searchExpr)    
Specifies the name of a data source item field or an expression whose value is compared to the search criteria.

- [minSearchLength](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#minSearchLength)    
Specifies the minimal number of characters that must be entered into the text box to begin a search.

To disable the search, set the [searchEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#searchEnabled) property to **false**.

> For example, in the following code the **searchMode** property is set to "contains". This search mode allows users to search through the items that contain the search value. The **searchExpr** property is set to two data fields, and users can search through both. The **minSearchValue** property indicates that the search begins only when users type in two or more characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following code, the **searchMode** property is set to *"contains"*. This mode allows users to find items that contain the search value. The **searchExpr** property is set to an array of two data fields, and users can search through both. The **minSearchValue** property indicates that the search begins only when users type in two or more characters.
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#lookup").dxLookup({
            // ...
            searchMode: "contains",
            searchExpr: ['Assignee', 'Subject'],
            minSearchValue: 2
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-lookup ...
        searchMode="contains"
        [searchExpr]="['Assignee', 'Subject']"
        [minSearchValue]="2">
    </dx-lookup>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxLookup ...
            search-mode="contains"

>             :searchExpr="['Assignee', 'Subject']"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            :search-expr="['Assignee', 'Subject']"
```

Lookup allows users to search through the drop-down list. To configure the search, set the following properties:

- [searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#searchMode): *"contains"* | *"startswith"*     

> Specifies a comparison operation used to search Lookup items. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the comparison operation used to search Lookup items. 
```

- [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#searchExpr)    
Specifies data fields or an expression against which the component compares the search criteria.

- [minSearchLength](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#minSearchLength)    

> Specifies the minimal number of characters that users should enter into the text box to begin a search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the minimum number of characters that users should enter into the text box to begin a search.
```

- [showDataBeforeSearch](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#showDataBeforeSearch)    

> Specifies whether or not the UI component displays unfiltered values until users types a number of characters exceeding the **minSearchLength** property value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies whether the UI component displays unfiltered values until users types the number of characters that exceed the **minSearchLength** property value.
```

To disable the search, set the [searchEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#searchEnabled) property to **false**.

> In the following code, the **searchMode** property is set to *"contains"*. This mode allows users to find items that contain the search value. The **searchExpr** property is set to an array of two data fields, and the component searches across them both. The **minSearchLength** property indicates that the search begins only when users type in two or more characters. The **showDataBeforeSearch** property is set to **true**, and the component shows items before the search starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following code, the **searchMode** property is set to *"contains"*. This mode allows users to find items that contain the search value. The **searchExpr** property is set to an array of two data fields to searches both fields. The **minSearchLength** property indicates that the search begins only when users type two or more characters. The **showDataBeforeSearch** property is set to **true**, and the component shows items before the search starts.
```
